date: October 17, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>, <jjoseph8>]
absent: [<>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <>, reason: },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Stalled for 421 and 321 exams/projects. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Stalled for 489 project. },
  {ubit: <rchan6>,   progress: Stalled for 489 project. },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: He looked into how to get the objects rotate. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |

Github, develop onto developer branch, work from indiviudual branches, merge onto that one, at the end merge developer to master.

************ do not touch master branch from indiviudual branches. ************