date: November 29, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <>, <jjoseph8>]
absent: [<satnamsi>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, reason: tonsillitis},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Researching how to publish to the Microsoft Store. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Needs more time with the physical hololens to see if code update works to access files in specfied directory. },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Hasn't been able to due much from the hospital. },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:   Researching what it takes to publish onto the Google Play store. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue:  },
  {ubit: <>, issue:  }
  ]
Notes:  |
