date: November 18, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>,<jjoseph8> ]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: everyone was present. },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: got the app working just wokrking out a couple of bugs. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: could not make database in sql or php made it in a txt file. },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: couldnt connect sql to website. but to make up for work started to make game in html.  },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress: got the app working just working out a couple of bugs. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |
