
date: November 3, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>,<jjoseph8> ]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: evryone was present },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: started to look at how to make android app and what software to use. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: looking in to how to make a database using sql or php },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: looking on how to connect the datebase to the a webiste so players can view there high scores. },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress: started to look at how to make android app and what software to use. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |
erick and reggie will be working together. 
