date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>,<jjoseph8> ]
absent: [<jjoseph8>]
excused_absences: [ # everyone was here },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Started to make progress on finding out what to use to make the app. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: still in process of makeing the database },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: found ways that might work for sql and php and made website.},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:Started to make progress on finding out what to use to make the app. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |
erick and reggie working on app together. 
