date: September 27, 2016
meeting_type: ta meeting
attendance: [ satnamsi rchan6 jjoseph8
absent: [<ubit4>, <ubit5>, <ubit6>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: erickher : reason: He had to go back home to deal with family issues.},
  
  ]
task_progress: [ # Created github account and added members to repository
  {ubit: <erickher>,  },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, learning how to get sound on button s,getting used to unity/visual studios },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, working on makeing buttons on unity for hololens and getting used to unity/visual studios},
  {ubit: <jjoseph>, still working on backend of hololens scrpiting,getting used to unity/visual studios},
  ]
issues: [ #  
 {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  The group is considering a switch from Django to Ruby on Rails. Deliberations will continue.
  TA suggested moving sensitive computation from the browser/client to the server for improved security.
  # Jobin had an issue with unity and how to use. 
  # Need to start to commit code on weekly basic's. 
