date: December 6, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>, <jjoseph8>]
absent: [<>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <>, reason: },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Developer documentaiton on andorid app coming along well. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Documented 50% of the hololens game.  },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Made sure that his website can be hosted on the acsu website provided by UB.  },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:   User manual for hololens and android app completed. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, issue: Need to get password reset. Can't log into acsu website. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, issue: Having issues writing to file stil. }
  ]
Notes:  |
