date: November 15, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi> ]
absent: [<jjoseph8>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <>, reason: },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Started making the android app for sprint 4.  Outlined how it is supposed to work and how it needs to be implemented. },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Made a database able to be used in unity.  Needs to look into how the keyboard component of the hololens works. },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Made a page for database to be linked to, waiting on the database to be completed. },
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:   Assigned to the android app, impleneted page that shows your score during termination of the game. },
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |

2-4 with andy friday to try to do the beta testing. 