date: November 30, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <jjoseph8>, <satnamsi>, <rchan6> ]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Working on app Deployment and documentation },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Working on Hololens Deployment and documentation, Text File access in visual studio.},
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Working on website deployment and documentation},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:   Working on the android app deployment and documentation},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <>, issue: },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |