date: November 22, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [ <> ]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {<erickher>, <jjoseph8>, <satnamsi>, <rchan6>, <accissid>: Left Buffalo area for the Holiday/wanted to start holiday early, permission granted from Andy via slack. },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Working on app deployment },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Working on hololens deployment },
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Working on website deployment},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:   Working on app deployment},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, issue: text file access problems. },
  {ubit: <>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  |
