date: October 31, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>, <jjoseph8>]
absent: [<>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <>, reason: },
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress:  working with reginald to create android app game},
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress:  working on database for hololens game},
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress:  working on website for game},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, progress:    working on creating android app game},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <erickher>, issue:  },
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, issue:  }
  ]
Notes:  |