date: October 25, 2016
meeting_type: ta meeting
attendance: [ satnamsi rchan6 jjoseph8 erickher
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: },
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <erickher> fixed code for select voice command},
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, updated code for object movement, tested on first level was half working},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, got scoreboard up with player current score on first level},
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, implemented spatial mapping for start menu},
  ]
issues: [ #  
 {ubit:},
  ]
Notes:  | 
  # 