date: October 11, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<erickher>, <rchan6>, <satnamsi>, <jjoseph8>]
absent: [<>]
excused_absences: [ 
  {ubit: <>, reason: },
  ]
task_progress: [ 
  {ubit: <erickher>, progress: Assgined to do Voice command for hololens.},
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, progress: Spatial mapping and user interactions ie get the allow for gesture implementation on hololens.},
  {ubit: <rchan6>,   progress: Have game return the score that was currently played, start on data base for high score system},
  {ubit: <satnamsi>, progress: Will try to get the boxes to move when they blink because it is hard to see when it binks!},
  ]
issues: [ 
  {ubit: <jjoseph8>, issue: projects in 489, more time with hololens},
  {ubit: <rchan6>, issue: projects in 489, more time with hololens}
  {ubit: <erickher>, issue: projects in ops, more time with hololens}
  ]
Notes: |

Delay from other projects will affect our start time for this sprint.

  
